= GAE version of Scanty, a really small blog

== Overview

Scanty is blogging software.  Software for my blog, to be exact:
http://adam.blog.heroku.com

It is not a blogging engine, but it's small and easy to modify, so it could be
the starting point for your blog, too.

This clone is a GAE version which can be hosted by google.

== Features

* Posts (shock!)
* Tags
* Markdown (via Maruku)
* Ruby code syntax highlighting (via Syntax)
* Atom feed
* Comments via Disqus
* Web framework = Sinatra
* ORM = DataMapper (Original Sequel)

== Dependencies

  $ gem install google-appengine
  $ gem install sinatra
  $ gem install dm-appengin

 Maruku, and Syntax are all vendored.

== Setup

Edit main.rb and change the Blog config struct at the top to your liking.  For
security purposes, change the admin password and the admin cookie key and
value.  These last two can be set to any random value you like, just choose
something other than the default.

Then run the server:

  $ dev_appserver.rb .

And visit: http://localhost:8080

Log in with the password you selected, then click New Post.  The rest should be
self-explanatory.

In production, you'll probably want to run "rake start" to start (and restart)
the server.  Change the value of "port" at the top of the Rakefile to run on a
different port.

== Comments

There are no comments by default.  If you wish to activate comments, create an
account and a website on Disqus (disqus.com) and enter the website shortname as
the :disqus_shortname value in the Blog config struct.

== Customize

There are no themes or settings beyond the basic ones in the Blog struct.  Just
edit the CSS or the code as you see fit.

== Deploy

Change your app name in config.ru and run:
  $ appcfg.rb update .

== Meta

Written by Adam Wiggins

Patches contributed by: Christopher Swenson, S. Brent Faulkner, and Stephen Eley

Released under the MIT License: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

http://github.com/adamwiggins/scanty

http://adam.blog.heroku.com

http://github.com/tdsparrow/scanty
http://tdtitle.appspot.com


